Um, do I have your consent to record this interview? Uh, yeah. For sure. Okay. Uh, could you briefly summarize your experience in choosing your courses at UQ? For the very first time? Uh, choosing my courses. Uh. Very easy. Easy. Yeah. I can go to the website and just choose whatever I want. Okay. No obstacles or anything like that. Like, did you find anything, like, just annoying even. Uh, it is harder to, um, navigate where to girls and like where to like which course to choose, like based on what major you go for. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, which parts of the course choosing process did you find challenging? Like, were there any. Really like, um. The. Um, during the practice question, maybe the concept that's pretty hard to understand. Uh, in what ways did the organization of information on various web pages impact your experience. So like, uh, how was like the information like put out to you? Was it easy or hard to like, figure it out? Uh, it's pretty, I think it's pretty easy to figure out and understand the concept within the. Yeah. The courses, uh, which information regarding courses was hard to locate or understand, for instance, workload or course difficulty level. Where can you read that? Also like, uh, how, how easy was it for you to like, uh, find information, how hard the course would be or how difficult it could be? Oh, yeah. Um, actually, it wouldn't be that hard because like the leg is already like, like right next to the, all the courses and stuff. You can just, or you can just go to like the past the previous paper exams to like figure out, did you ask anyone else, like any other people who took the courses at all? Uh oh, that would be, that would be the difficult part because I'm not sure which which person did I do? Yeah. So it's based on like individual connections. Okay. Yeah. Um, what sources or individuals did you depend on to aid in making your choices regarding courses. So like, did you, uh, have to go on like a website or like talk to someone regarding like the difficulty of your course or courses? Uh, not really. I got a base on like individual connection to figure out like how far like out there personal experience about the courses. Okay. And, uh, if the enrollment system assisted you in completing the task, what form of guidance would have helped you? So like, what would you have wanted if like, you could take like any type of help that you could have gotten from your courses? Yeah. Um. Can you, um. So like while completing the task, like assignments and exams in your course, uh, if there was any help that you could get from like, uh, like, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, um, I would say, I would say that there's a lot of like support from like the school systems like, uh, blackboard and also like the commenting board. Yeah, I forgot what is it called? But yeah, yeah, yeah. Thank you for the interview. I'll let you go back to.
https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/14_Mary/New%20Recording%2013.m4a?csf=1&web=1&e=CG1qI8