Hi, thanks for agreeing to chat with us. Just before we begin, I want to let you know this conversation will be audio recorded as part of our research. Is that alright with you? Yeah sure, that's fine. Perfect. So, what are some of the issues you have encountered with the current UQ enrolment system? Oh where do I start. Um, okay so I'm in third year now and I feel like I've kind of figured it out but first and second year were rough. The main issue I had was just like, the system doesn't really tell you anything proactively. Like you have to already know what you're looking for. If you don't know the right questions to ask, you'll just miss stuff. What do you find confusing about picking your courses at UQ? The dual listed courses confused me for a long time. Like some courses are listed under multiple programs and it wasn't clear whether they would count towards my degree or not. I enrolled in one and then found out at the end of semester it didn't count as what I thought it did. So that was a wasted semester kind of. What information do you wish you had when you first began picking your courses? Honestly I wish someone had just sat me down and explained the difference between program requirements, major requirements, and electives. Because I thought electives were like, free choice totally, but then found out some of them had restrictions too. Like you can't do too many courses from the same area or something. I had no idea that was a thing. What information sources have you sought when selecting your courses? I've used the program plan, the course profiles, asked my academic advisor once which was actually really helpful but I didn't know you could do that until second year. And just like, asking older students. There's a discord for my degree which honestly has been the most useful thing. What do you consider when deciding your electives? Timetabling is actually a big one for me. Like if a course clashes with something I have to do, that's just an automatic no. Beyond that I think about workload, like I'll look at past student reviews on like, whatever that website is, to see if it's going to destroy me. And then yeah, whether I'm actually interested in it. Based on your past experiences with enrolling, what are some features that weren't present or well implemented that you desired or felt the enrolment system should have had? A degree progress tracker that's actually accurate and updates in real time would be massive. Like there's something kind of like that but it always seems to be wrong or out of date. And a clash detector that works properly. Like sometimes it says there's a clash when there isn't and sometimes it misses actual clashes. Did you feel that the enrolment system is responsive enough in sending feedback, confirmation, or warnings when selecting courses? Um, kind of. Like it does send a confirmation email which is good. But the warnings are hit and miss. Like I said, the clash detection isn't reliable. And there's no warning for like, hey you're about to exceed your recommended unit load, or hey this course has a really high failure rate. That kind of contextual information would actually be useful. That's great, thank you so much for your time. No problem, hope it helps.