Hey, thanks for stopping. So just to let you know before we start, we'll be audio recording this interview for our project. Are you comfortable with that? Yeah absolutely, that's no problem. Awesome. So first up, what are some of the issues you have encountered with the current UQ enrolment system? Um, so I'm in second year doing a science degree and I think the biggest issue I've had is just like, the way everything is spread out. Like to figure out if I can enrol in a course I have to check like, the course profile for prerequisites, then check my transcript to see if I've done them, then check the program plan to see if the course even counts, and it's all on different pages. It's just a lot of clicking around. What do you find confusing about picking your courses at UQ? The category rules are really confusing. Like extended major versus major versus minor and how many units each needs. I still don't fully get it and I've been here two years. And the course explorer thing is okay but it's not always clear which courses are actually available in a given semester until you try to enrol and it's not there. What information do you wish you had when you first began picking your courses? I think like a simple summary of rules specific to my degree would have helped so much. Like literally just a one pager that says, here are the things you must do, here are the things you can choose from, here are the things to avoid. Instead of like a twenty page handbook that nobody reads. What information sources have you sought when selecting your courses? The my program page, the course profiles, and honestly a lot of googling. Like I'll search the course code and UQ and just see what comes up. Sometimes there are like Reddit threads from students who've done it before which are actually pretty helpful. Yeah. And I asked my tutor once which was helpful but felt kind of awkward because it wasn't really their job. What do you consider when deciding your electives? I think workload mostly. Like I try to balance heavy courses with lighter ones so I'm not completely overwhelmed. And then yeah interest. I did a philosophy elective last semester just because it sounded interesting and it ended up being my favourite course so far. So I try to keep an open mind. Based on your past experiences with enrolling, what are some features that weren't present or well implemented that you desired or felt the enrolment system should have had? I think a proper planning tool where you can like, map out your whole degree would be incredible. Like you could drag and drop courses into semesters and it would tell you if something doesn't work or if you're missing a requirement. I know some other universities have something like that and it sounds so much better than what we have. Did you feel that the enrolment system is responsive enough in sending feedback, confirmation, or warnings when selecting courses? It's okay. Like it does tell you if something goes wrong most of the time. But the error messages are really unhelpful. Like it'll say something like, you do not meet the requirements for this course, but won't tell you which requirement you're missing. So you're just left guessing. And sometimes it lets you enrol in things you shouldn't be in which is like, the opposite problem. A bit more clarity would go a long way. Awesome, thank you so much, really appreciate your time. Yeah of course, good luck with it.