Okay, so before we get started, just want to let you know that this interview will be audio recorded for our project. Are you okay with that? Yeah, that's totally fine, go ahead. Great, thank you. So first question, what are some of the issues you have encountered with the current UQ enrolment system? Um, honestly the biggest thing for me is just like, trying to figure out what courses I actually need. Like I'm in second year now and I still feel like I don't fully know what I'm doing. Like I'll go into SI-net and it's just like, here's a list of courses, good luck. There's no like, real guidance on what order you should do things in or anything. What do you find confusing about picking your courses at UQ? Definitely the prerequisites thing. Like I enrolled in a course in first year that I wasn't supposed to be in yet and nobody told me until like two weeks in. The system just let me do it. And then I had to like scramble to find something else to replace it with. It was really stressful. What information do you wish you had when you first began picking your courses? I think just like, a clearer roadmap. Like here's your degree, here's the order you should do things, here are the rules you need to follow. Because right now it's all scattered across like five different pages on the website and none of them really talk to each other. Yeah. What information sources have you sought when selecting your courses? Mostly just the program plan PDF thing. But honestly it's kind of vague. Like it'll say something like, choose one of the following, and then list like twenty courses. That doesn't really help me narrow it down. I've also just asked friends who are in third year what they did, which helped more than anything official. What do you consider when deciding your electives? Um, mostly just what sounds interesting honestly. But I also try to think about like, what's going to be useful after I graduate. Like I'm doing a commerce degree so I try to pick things that are somewhat relevant. But yeah, mainly just vibes. Based on your past experiences with enrolling, what are some features that weren't present or well implemented that you desired or felt the enrolment system should have had? I think like a checklist type thing would be really helpful. Like, here are all the requirements for your degree, and you can just see what you've done and what you haven't. Because right now I have to like manually keep track of that myself in a spreadsheet which is kind of ridiculous. Did you feel that the enrolment system is responsive enough in sending feedback, confirmation, or warnings when selecting courses? And if not, what kinds of feedback or responses would you feel would provide sufficient confirmation or prevent uncertainty after clicking enrol? Um, I think it could be better. Like sometimes you just click enrol and it goes through and you're like, okay did that actually work? And then other times it blocks you but doesn't really explain why. Like it'll say enrolment unsuccessful and that's it. No reason. So you have to go hunting for why that happened. Yeah that's probably the main thing. Thanks so much for your time, really appreciate it. No worries, good luck with your project.