Yeah, I just get five minutes from the concert of Oscar a Sunday. on my project. Oh, what's the project on? It's from Inafus. Is this a project to, like, interview people for, like, the credit data? We're doing on about, like, finding information about people's experiences in, like, involving new courses and enrolling in their degrees. Sure, I'm actually staffed, though. I think. Oh, you start? Oh, sorry. That's alright. I was like... Can I have, like, five minutes for you? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Um, first question is, what are some of the issues you have encountered with the current UQ enrolment system? Um... I think, like... Well, I mean, in first year, but I think that if you don't, like, have someone who's already in here, it can be, like, really confusing. Like, my brother's in my third year, so I could just ask him what I was meant to do. But if I didn't have that, I think I'd just have, like, no fucking plan on my life. Like... But, like, he told me all I have to, like, go and, like, sign it and do, like, all the task was and everything, all that, and I didn't know, apart from that. So I guess just, like, I don't know, making it, like, really easy, 'cause, I don't know, I'm stupid. I can't figure that shit out am I? So probably just that, just like, I don't know. I know there's like the getting started at YouTube, like thing, which is good, but yeah, I don't know. Not really. It's not really too much specific stuff. Just, like, making sure to make it really obvious, just pointing people in the right direction. Yeah, yeah. I'm a fussy... It was hard for me trying to get enrolled in everything. Um, what do you find confusing about picking your courses at Yuki? Um... I think the hardest part is definitely... Do you mean, like, picking, like, what course you want to do, or actually, like, making sure you have, like, enough points by the time you badge and stuff? Yeah, I think it's definitely, like, there's some, like, random, like, hidden rules that, like, aren't super obvious as well. Like, oh, you can only do this many, like, level one courses. Otherwise, you can't pass or you have to do this amount of, like, level 3 courses that you can't do it. I think that should be, like, also just made, like, really obvious. Like, luckily in, um, I went to some like orientation thing and the only reason I found out there was like rules like that is because, like, the science orientation day I went to, like, one of the guys like told me about it. Oh yeah. I think for like every course they should like, or at least like, I don't know, every orientation thing, they should make it really good. That's something that exists. Because even I enrolled into 2nd year courses that had prerequisites for it. Yeah. And progressing, quick as it courses. And I didn't know about it. until, like, I got in, and then people were telling me, like, you're meant to do a course before this. So I had to, like, change up all my clothes. Yeah, like, my brother's only just running out in 30 now. He has to do, like, an extra whole semester for his course, because he, like, messed up something he picked, like, ages ago now and he's, like, missed something. So, yeah. What information do you wish you had when you 1st began picking your courses? I think... um... Uh... To my degree, though, is, like, actually, uh... there's, like, a planner thing that exists to come on, which made it easier. But honestly, if something like that, like, existed for most degrees, they could definitely make your way easier. So, I guess... You know what? I'm waiting to... Like, just... Like what I said before, just making it clear, like, all the different, like, requirements for everything. I do the main thing. What information sources have you sought when selecting your courses? Um... Yeah, well, told him, told him my brother isn't that, yeah, he definitely helped me with that. Um... Just trying to... Looking on, like, the website for each course, just kind of figuring out myself. It's kind of the only other one, I guess. Yeah. This is really all you have unless you know someone. What do you consider when deciding you're electives? Great instructions. Don't play lizard, anyone? I don't know. Personally, I kind of just. But apparently, because it's less fun, yeah. want to go for something I enjoy. I think that's probably the main thing. Yeah, most of my electors are just, you know, something I enjoy or something that I feel could be helped towards my degree. Yeah. Based on your past experiences with enrolling, what are some features that weren't present or well implemented that you desired or felt that enrolment system should have had? Are they just seeing him, you know, calling in the rain by yourself? Things it doesn't have, like... Yeah. Yeah. Um, I... So, I... don't know. I would say... I know if this kind of, like, counts for your asking, but, like, the whole, like, sign it... Um, because I'm... Like, is it very clear? Like, it's not like the best website. Yeah, yeah. Because, like, when I first went on it, um, after, like, having to deal with all the tasks I had to do to enrol, um, I saw that, like, $5,000 that I owed. Yeah. And then I realised that I hadn't done the, um... The, like, the hacks... I don't even know if I've, like, done all my payments and stuff. Well, like now it says $0, but I still don't know if I've done it. Did you feel that the involvement system is responsive enough in sending feedback, confirmation, end or warnings when selecting courses? And if not, what kinds of feedback or responses would you feel would provide sufficient confirmation or prevent unsurity after clicking your butter? I think that, like, on the page where you're, like, adding each course and you just kind of look up the course code and add it. Because, like, of what I was saying before, but it's kind of unknown. Like, what is the requirements for buy the energy? Christmas level one courses. I think that should, like, literally be visible on the page and even just be like a bar of, like, oh, just make sure you've got this many level ones, this many, or just, like, make you extra clear, like, because you said, oh, you picked something that didn't requisite. Like, make it super obvious. Like, oh, this course has these prerequisites on that page for enrolling. You have to like go into like the course profile and everything to checks that. It's so annoying. And it's so unclear too, like, it doesn't tell you that you need to go into the course profile to check everything. Yeah. Thank you for your time for the interview. Have a good day. Yeah.
Recording via MS Teams: https://teams.microsoft.com/l/message/19:c719620105c6433587a2cb01782a260c@thread.tacv2/1773983211801?tenantId=b6e377cf-9db3-46cb-91a2-fad9605bb15c&groupId=f7ce9ad2-2403-4b4a-bf74-37e3f7fddd6f&parentMessageId=1773983211801&teamName=%5BCOMP1100%5D%20Introduction%20to%20Software%20Innovation%20(St%20Lucia).%20Semester%201%2C%202026&channelName=14_Mary&createdTime=1773983211801