So I have the permission to record. The first question is, have you ever encountered any issues when using the current UQ enrollment system?
Not that I can recall of. I think I had no issues when I, this is my first year, so when I was enrolling it was pretty simple, nothing too complicated. The only issues probably were my name where like sometimes it took a while for my name change and that was the only other issue. But everything else was pretty smooth. Like it's pretty easy to enroll. Just when you had to change my my name was like not my legal name I had to change it before semester started. It took a while, but at the end I got my name changed.
I see. Um, and what information, what information sources will you refer to or will you ask some advices from your predecessors or some advices with your teacher or someone else?
Um, when it comes to enrollment, I would probably refer to Student Services and there's some like phone like numbers that you can like call that I actually have reached out, um, through some certain phone numbers on their website when it comes to enrollment. So if I had issues I would just bring them up and they would usually answer.
That's a good idea. And do you have any elective this term?
I have no electives. This is...
Oh, so what is your major?
My major is pharmacy, first year. Um, I'm hoping to major in music as elective, but for now, um, I only study three subjects right now, but I haven't enrolled in any electives for now.
Good. Um, and the final question is, if you was the designer of the system, which keywords will you propose to optimize the system?
To optimize the system?
Oh, yes, to improve the system.
Improve the UQ enrollment system? I actually probably would just, I would just make it much clearer on the website. Like I would make it very visual and probably have like more images and more services and more like Q&A questions, popular Q&A questions. I would probably have a list of them in in ways where if anyone needs help they can reach out and check all the questions and refer help. Maybe having a bot would be nice, like a chatbot when you're having trouble on the website. So there could be like a little chat system where you can like talk to a bot or talk to a bot about your issues and they can refer you to services that you need.
Nice idea. And that's all for the conversation and thank you for your cooperation.
Thank you so much. I hope that helps you. Thank you. Bye.