​Okay, may I have your name, please?
My name is Jim.
Okay, Jim. Um, the first question is,  what are some of the issues you have ever encountered when you are choosing the lessons?
Um, the lessons?
Yeah, choosing lessons.
Um...
That's okay.
Like, like the courses or the timetabling, what specifically?
Um, both, just using the, the website of the UQ enrollment system.
Uh, I guess it's has a lot of downtime, that's probably the best way. Yeah, yeah, the website is down a lot.
Yeah. Um, and what informations will you turn to, like, um, asking some advice from your predecessors or the, uh, watch the SI-net or somewhere else?
Sorry, can you repeat that?
Um, okay. Uh, what information sources will you refer to...
Yep.
...when you are deciding which course you are going to choose?
Oh, I look at the past exam papers. Um, so I go on the library and I look at the exams, um, because the final exam is usually a good summarize, a good summary of like what type of things that I will likely learn in that course.
Yeah. And so, what's major please?
I do Computer Science.
Yes, I do Computer Science too. Um, so do you have elective this term?
Uh, I'm doing a Master's, so pretty much all of my courses...
Oh, so all the compulsory courses.
No, it's all, all electives that are related to Computer Science. So I don't have any like out-of-school electives, so, so nothing in other schools, but I can pick whatever course I want in Computer Science.
Um, and so, what's the factors do you considered when choosing the electives? Um, do you think the workload is more mattered or the helps for your future development is more mattered?
Uh, I think help for the future development is the, is the bigger priority.
Good. Um, and are you satisfied with the feedback of the current UQ enrollment system?
The enrollment? Yeah, there's nothing, nothing too difficult about that, yeah.
Okay. Um, and if you was the designer of the website, uh, which keywords will you put forward?
For which website? The timetabling one, or the enrollment, or like are you talking about MySI-net or are you talking about the timetable, which specifically, which website were you talking about?
Um, I think it is the enrollment site.
Uh, so the MySI-net.
Yeah.
Uh, I think MySI-net is very outdated, so it would be nicer to... if it was more tailored to me. Um, so keywords like the key courses that I could see because you at the moment you have to search for each course individually.
More visual.
Yeah, good. Um, so being able to see what my options are would be nice, yeah.
Thank you, thank you for your cooperation and that's all, that's all for the interview.
No problem. Have a good one.