So i have got the permisson to record our convo. Can you tell me your major?

Software Engineering.

Well, the first question, as an EAIT student, do you find the prerequisite requirements are very complicated? Have you ever chosen the wrong course because you didn't read the requirements carefully? 

hmm,It's like a giant spiderweb. In Engineering, if you miss one math course in Semester 1, you might be locked out of four different units the next year. I wanted to take ENGG2800 Team Project I UQ, but the prerequisites were a bit confusing. I didn't realise I had to go through CSSE2010 Embedded Systems Design UQ and CSSE1001 Introduction to Software Engineering UQ first, and I also thought I needed MATH1051 Calculus & Linear Algebra I UQ, which made it even more complicated, and I had to go back to the course profile. 

That's quite complicated to deal with. 

Yeah.

When faced with a large number of technical electives, how do you ensure that your portfolio meets the degree requirements?

I will refer to some SEL Net materials, but mainly rely on my connections and friends' suggestions. Ye, I have a friend who is very professional in that. He will check it for me.

I see. Where do you think the existing SI-net or course query system of UQ has design flaws in terms of user logic?

Well... fragmentation. Why do I have to search for the course details on the "Programs and Courses" website, but then go to a completely different site to actually click enroll? The logic is disconnected. It's always been a big problem. or perhaps it involves too many issues to be easily changed.

Haha, yeah. And, If the system could automatically generate a "plan tree from freshman to senior year" for you and mark which are core required courses and which are subsequent courses, how much would this improve your course selection experience?

That will be the name of the game, seriously. It would save me several hours of anxiety. That's exactly what I need. Having a visual "curricula tree" makes perfect sense.

Thank you.That's all for the interview.Thank you for your time.