Do I have your consensus record? this interview? Okay. Could you briefly summarise your experience in choosing your courses that you keep for the very 1st time? Um... So, since his 1st year, I... That was just, like, the recommended voices that you've given from HU. It was, like, a video, just so that, like, ones you should do, based on what branch of course I'm doing. Okay. And also the goal courses. So I just chose random ones from that pretty much. Yeah, I did the same thing and then I ended up on a 2nd year course I had to, like, drop. Yeah, yeah, it was annoying. Which parts of the course choosing process did you find challenging? Um... Not that much, to be honest. There was, like, a, like I said, before, there was, like, intributed as, like, the 1st year guide, just told you, like, what stuff you should do based on what major I want to do. Okay. In what ways did the organisation of information on various webpages impact your experience? Um, I think it was pretty... It didn't affect it too much. Okay. Um, which information regarding courses was hard to locate or understand? For instance, workload will cost difficulty. Um... Okay, sorry, what was that again? So, like, um, was it easy for you to, like, find it and understand, like, uh, um, like, information on the courses difficulty or, like, all the workload? I mean, when I chose them, like, I wouldn't say I was super pure, like, what the course would entice. But, like, I was fine with that. I just... Just moved on. Yeah. Yeah, get on with it. What sources or individuals did you depend on to aid you in making your choices regarding courses? Um, mainly, like, see if your website and friends... Yeah, that's the same with me. I just got like people I knew that were already studying eating. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, if I'm not, like, what degree are you taking? Engineering. Engineering? What are you specialising in? Or going to? Most likely to. Civil? Yeah. I'm just doing computer science with cybersecurity is my major. Oh, I agree. If the enrolment system was assisted, has assisted you in completing the task, what form of guidance would have helped you? I don't know, to be honest, like... Like, if there was, uh, any type of help, you could have gone from, like, anything from the university, uh, specifically on, like, their website. Would they have helped you? I mean... I guess so. I don't really know of anything about, like, water that I use, but, yeah. How have you, like, gone through your 1st semester? Has it been, like, easy or hard, or, like... It started off pretty tame, but there was a difficulty as rammed up. Yeah, I'm going through it. Yeah, especially around end of the semester stuff. Yeah. Thank you so much for your time. So good.
https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/14_Mary/New%20Recording%2014.m4a?csf=1&web=1&e=5wtQXw